# Documentation

Documentation is incredibly important to Prefect, both for explaining its concepts to general audiences and describing its API to developers.

## Docstrings

Prefect auto-generates API documentation from docstrings by compiling them to Markdown. For details on properly formatting your docstrings, please see the [code style](./style.md#docstrings) guide.

## API Reference

Modules, functions, and classes must be explicitly added to the auto-generated documentation. First, update the `docs/outline.toml` file with the following information: - a header that describes the path to the generated Markdown file - a `title` for the generated Markdown file - `module`: an optional path to an importable module, whose docstring will be displayed at the top of the page - `classes`: an optional list of strings specifying all documented classes in the module - `functions`: an optional list of strings specifying all documented standalone functions in the module

For example, if the stylized module described above was importable at `prefect.utilities.example`, then we might add this to `outline.toml`:

```
[pages.utilities.example]
title = "Example Module"
module = "prefect.utilities.example"
classes = ["Class"]
functions = ["function"]
```

If your module wasn't already in the reference docs, update `docs/.vuepress/config.js` to add it to the navigation sidebar. For example, the collections module from this example would be added to the "utilities" section:

```javascript
{
    title: 'prefect.utilities',
    collapsable: true,
    children: [
        'utilities/collections',
        'utilities/example',  // our new file
        ...
    ]
}
```

## Concepts

Prefect also includes a great deal of "concept" documentation, which covers features, tutorials, guides, and examples separately from the auto-generated API reference. This page is part of the concept documentation for development! We refer to non-API documentation as Prefect's "Guide".

To write concept docs, simply add Markdown files to the `docs/guide` directory (or one of its subdirectories). To ensure that your page is displayed in the navigation, edit `docs/.vuepress/config.js` to include a reference to it.

## Previewing docs locally

Documentation (including both concepts and API references) is built and deployed with every merge to Prefect's master branch. Prior to merge, a GitHub check will allow you to see a hosted version of the documentation associated with every PR.

To preview docs locally, you'll first need to install [VuePress](https://vuepress.vuejs.org/) and its dependencies. This requires the [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) package manager. You only need to do this once:

```bash
cd prefect
yarn install
```

To launch a documentation preview:

```bash
cd prefect
yarn docs:dev
```

You'll see a status update as the docs build, and then an announcement that they are available on `http://localhost:8080`.

::: tip Hot-reloading docs
Concept docs will hot-reload every time you save a file, but API reference docs must be regenerated by restarting the server.
:::
